good afternoon as i promised i will show how
I cooked and painted eggs for Easter as I
I'll send you a sample now
clearly and then I will do myself
it will be pure thursday or saturday i
I will paint the eggs and this is me for
visibility made for them painted
I tried the first time to paint in blue
cabbage blue blue cabbage juice I took
I cut them into a saucepan
flooded with water
added salt to one pot another
added vinegar like the internet then this
in general, then laid eggs and I praised that
I cooked each pot separately
one egg each
start there and there is nothing
happened I do not know why but I
nothing happened drown brought this
water and this is all night and half a day with me
this egg was standing here in this water in
this is his grandfather well, that is, it turned out the egg
it's like a little blue
but I didn't like it, I like it
mothers how much she shot it here
worked on him that is but maybe
I did something wrong I do not know but
no color is saturated
uneven such a paint not but not
It came therefore I will certainly stop
like all previous waters
I will paint an egg show husk without me
I understood everything was clear for this
the husk and and opened it here to us not that is
what did I say lyrical peel well
but such are light we are all one
cancellation protection in onion skins so I
I collected this view when showing it
boiled well she did not really
and here are two eggs I cooked in
and onion peel here is this egg
brown egg this white egg
slightly lighter this one slightly or darker
I like the color uniform
now it’s ecologically clean but it’s also
classic pure cabbage but light i
design can be a jester and taken
even went special internet
look may be really necessary
somehow there might be something different
need another satisfied not replace me not
I liked absolutely I did not like
but now you see what I did I
put a sunflower on this table
oil and here I clearly show how I
touched by dipped egg
it rubs here's a matte
turns but brilliant beautiful such
Here I say such a dark dark cherry
generally a long time ago like plum blossom
but it turns out I recommend
I recommend myself more
such experiments will not do well
chemical dyes i never
I did not want to change this.
red onion peel
so I will continue to paint here well
see for yourself see rate me
It seems that it is worthy of attention